Asuna... Asuna!
I've... become such a crybaby, Asuna.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"Return"
We don't look alike after all, do we?
Big Brother... I'm off to practice.
Morning, Sugu.
M-Morning...
Honestly... If you were watching,
you should've said something.
Well... you were just so into it.
I wasn't really. It's just a habit now.
I see...
You've kept it up all this time, right?
It's light.
That's timber bamboo,
so it's pretty heavy.
Well, not as much as I imagined...
Or relatively speaking I mean...
What are you comparing it to?
Hey, want to give it a go?
A go? You mean a match?
Yeah.
A real one with protective gear?
We could stop short of contact...
I mean, I'd feel bad
if I hurt you right off.
We still have Grandfather's
gear, right? Let's do it in the dojo.
It's been two years, but you
sound pretty confident, don't you?
I was top eight in the middle-school
nationals. Think you stand a chance?
Also, are you sure you feel up to it?
You shouldn't overdo it...
I'll show you the results of the rehab
I've been doing at the gym every day.
What's that, Big Brother?
It's okay. It's my
own style of swordplay.
--Let's go.
--Okay.
His head's open.
I'll strike him there and...
Huh?
Somehow, he looks imposing.
In that case...
A-Are you okay, Big Brother?
Man, I lost.
You sure are strong, Sugu.
You'd put Heathcliff to shame...
Are you really okay?
Yeah.
Let's call it a day.
--D-Did I hit your head too hard?
--N-No, it's years of habit...
The footwork was
one thing, but those attacks...
Guess I can't recreate my sword
skills without help from the system...
I have to say you surprised me.
Since when have you been practicing?
Oh, you know...
But it is fun after all.
Maybe I'll take it up again... kendo.
Really? Seriously?
Sugu, will you teach me?
O-Of course!
Let's train together again!
When I regain
a little more muscle, okay?
Actually, Big Brother, I've also...
--Nope, I think I'll keep it a secret.
--What's up with that?
What are you doing today?
Today I'm going to the hospital...
I see.
You're going to see her, aren't you?
Asuna, was it?
Yeah. Since that's the only thing
that I can do for her...
All right, it's my turn to make breakfast,
so you go take a shower first, Sugu.
Two months ago, I defeated
Heathcliff and cleared the death game.
As soon as I woke up, in exchange
for information on SAO, I asked
an official of the Internal Affairs
Ministry's SAO task force
for Asuna's location.
What I learned
was that she was placed in
Tokorozawa General Hospital in Saitama.
"Asuna Yuki"
And that approximately 300 players,
including Asuna, had yet to wake up.
The public
is clamoring that the missing Akihiko
Kayaba's conspiracy is still in play.
The SAO incident still isn't over.
Asuna...
Oh, you're here, Kirigaya.
Thank you for visiting so often.
Hello. Sorry to bother you, Mr. Yuki.
No, you can come whenever you like.
It makes my daughter happy.
President...
Oh, you've never met, have you?
This is our laboratory chief, Sugou.
I'm Nobuyuki Sugou.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Kazuto Kirigaya.
Really? So you're the hero Kirito?
Oh, sorry. We can't disclose what
happened inside the SAO server, right?
He's the son of my right-hand man, you see...
He's always been like family.
Sir, about that,
I'd like to make it official.
I see... But are you sure about this?
You're still young.
You could start a new life.
My heart has long been set.
While she's as beautiful as
she is now, I'd like Asuna
to wear the dress.
You have a point...
It might be about time
for us to prepare ourselves...
I'm sorry to cut our conversation short,
but I have a meeting.
We can continue this another time.
Kirigaya, I'll see you again.
Is it true that within that game,
you were living with Asuna?
Yes...
Then I suppose that complicates
our relationship somewhat, doesn't it?
What we were just discussing,
you see... was Asuna's marriage to me.
There's no way you can do that...
Indeed. Since we can't
legally register our marriage,
I'm simply going to be adopted
into the Yuki family on paper.
The truth is that this girl
has always disliked me.
Our parents don't know that.
But if it ever came to marriage,
it's quite likely that she'd reject me.
So in my eyes,
this situation is extremely fortunate...
Stop it.
Are you trying to take advantage
of the fact that she's in a coma?
Take advantage?
No, it's a legitimate right.
Listen, Kirigaya.
Do you know what happened to Argus,
the developer of SAO?
I heard it was dissolved.
Yes.
The development costs and massive
damages they were forced to pay
bankrupted them.
And the maintenance of
the SAO servers was entrusted
to electronics maker RCT,
whose CEO is Shozo Yuki.
And I work for its full-dive
technology research division.
In other words, you could say
I'm the one who's keeping Asuna alive.
So I can ask for a little something
by way of compensation, can't I?
I don't know what sort of promises
you made to her in the game.
But I don't want you
to ever come back here.
I'd also have you refrain from
any contact with the Yuki family.
The ceremony will be held in this
hospital room in a week, on January 26th.
Too bad it's not an auspicious day,
but I want you to have a little piece
of my happiness, so I'll invite you.
Lament your final goodbye, Mr. Hero.
Big Brother? The bath's free now.
Big Brother! If you're here,
at least answer!
You didn't even turn on
the heat. What's wrong?
Sorry. Could you
leave me alone for a while?
But it's so cold in here...
Wh-What's wrong?
It's nothing.
But... You're freezing...
You'll catch a cold.
You should take a bath.
I'm hopeless.
I swore I wouldn't show any weakness
around you, no matter what...
Did something
happen to her? To Asuna?
Asuna's going someplace far away...
Where I'll never
be able to reach her...
Don't give up.
Don't give up so easily
on the one you love.
I'm not going to lie
to myself anymore, either.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
When Kazuto, out of the blue,
said that he wanted me
to tell him about his real parents.
I was really surprised then!
He was still 10,
but he noticed the deleted record
on the citizens' registration network.
Jeez, that sounds like him, doesn't it?
I was so surprised
I forgot to feign ignorance.
So I blurted out that my sister and
her husband were his real parents.
Hey, Mom.
What?
Do you think that's connected
to him constantly playing online
games ever since middle school?
Not at all.
After all, by age six, he'd already built
his own machine out of junk parts.
If anything, he inherited my
computer-geek genes. At least mentally.
All right, I'm heading home now.
Don't stay too long, Suguha.
Yeah, okay.
Happy birthday.
I still can't really believe my
big brother and I are actually cousins.
Big Brother...
But your heart...
Your heart... belongs to her alone.
Hey, wake up, Sugu.
It's morning, you know.
I said wake up...
You won't have time
for morning practice.
Morning, Big Brother...
Morning.
Um... I-I...
Jeez...
Don't give up.
Yeah, she's right.
"You have new mail"
"Subject: Look at this!!"
"Sender: Agil"
What is this?
Asuna!
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "Land of the Fairies."